docs: update description on second-instance event. (#23119)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

This event will be emitted inside the primary instance of your application
when a second instance has been executed and calls `app.requestSingleInstanceLock()`.

> `argv` is an Array of the second instance's command line arguments, make sure the
> second instance starts at the same user or you won't recieve the arguments,
> and `workingDirectory` is its current working directory. Usually
> applications respond to this by making their primary window focused and
> non-minimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`argv` is an Array of the second instance's command line arguments,
and `workingDirectory` is its current working directory. Usually
applications respond to this by making their primary window focused and
non-minimized.

**Note:** If the second instance is started by a different user than the first, the `argv` array will not include the arguments.
```
